# Automated Aquaculture Management System (AquaMan)

Fishkeeping is a popular trend nowadays. Commercial aquaculture and ornamental aquaculture have become very popular for decoration purposes, a hobby, or as a source of income. It is hard to check aquarium or pond conditions by manual means. Therefore, developing an automatic aquarium capable of monitoring and controlling it by remote means should be considered. On the other hand, the side of the fishing industry has a major impact on the country's food security. The fishery has played a role in providing food, income, and livelihoods to hundreds of millions of people since ancient times. Aquaculture accounts for a significant proportion of the total fish harvest of the Philippines. Fish farms are being marketed in the emerging countries. They're offering family farms with a source of food and a profit selling of fish, as well as providing animal irrigation needs and water. One of the major problems concerning fishpond aquaculture is insufficient fish harvest due to the impending heat which is caused by the drought season. Designers use different types of sensors in a recent paper, such as temperature, pH value, and level detectors. All the task is streamlined by using these sensors and it will also be useful to track fish production wirelessly from other places. Another paper established a set of mobile aquaculture surveillance systems that not only can track the dissolved oxygen, temperature, pH value, and level metrics of the ponds in real time but also track the fish status in real time using a wireless camera. The DO, pH, temperature, and water levels are calculated in another project and incorporated with aerating and water system motors utilizing Arduino as its microcontroller. By addressing these concerns, this project aims to develop a system that monitors the status of the whole aquarium by injecting innovative and new technologies such as sensors. And by the help of NodeMcU, helps the design project to communicate to the internet which gives the user the power to monitor the fishpond and control it remotely with an Android phone. It also uses an alert system in case of internet interruption or if there is no possible internet connection.
